+++
date = "2016-10-02T19:22:12+00:00"
draft = false
categories = ["meetups"]
tags = ["Leeds", "DevOps", "git"]
title = "Meetup - Tuesday 11th October 2016 at The ODI Node in Leeds"
description = "Do you like to party ? You do ? then join us on Tuesday 11th October at the ODI Node in Leeds to celebrate not only Ada Lovelace day but the 3rd birthday of Leeds Devops!"
aliases = ["/post/151251196160/meetup-tuesday-11th-october-2016-at-the-odi-node"]
+++
<p><p>Do you like to party ? You do ? then join us on Tuesday 11th October at the ODI Node in Leeds to celebrate not only Ada Lovelace day but the 3rd birthday of Leeds Devops! Join us for:</p><ul><li>6:45 - 7:15 : Doors open, have a chat, make some new devops friends<br></li><li>7:15 - 7:30 : Group updates/news/announcements<br></li><li>7:30 - 8:00 : Design Patterns for Git - Lorna Mitchell<br></li><li>8:00 - 8:15 : Intermission<br></li><li>8:15 - 9:00 : Post DevOps-ism - Ian Watson & Alex Carter<br></li><li>9:00 - late : Decamp to the Wardrobe<br></li></ul><!-- more --><p>We're delighted that Lorna Mitchell from IBM will joining us to preview her upcoming Velocity talk "Design Patterns for Git" - To ship software at the rate that we do (or strive to), we need the right tools and the right setup. Come and discuss how the layout of your git repository can really help or hinder how your teams work together.</p><p>We will then be joined by Ian Watson and Alex Carter from Call Credit who will be presenting a thought provoking talk "Post DevOps-ism" (or as Ian also puts it "BoreOps – after the love has gone") - It's been 7 years since the first DevOps day in Belgium and in that time many, many people and companies have been on an exciting rollercoaster journey of discovery and change. Once a year Manual deployments are a distant, horrifying fever dream. We’re even doing it on Windows these days!! So, does this mean we’ve "got it", that the culture’s sorted and we just need better and shinier tools? Can we learn from other industries that have been through similar quantum shifts? At we a plateau or nirvana?</p><p>We are again grateful to have <a href="https://www.infinityworks.com/">Infinity Works</a> sponsor the refreshments and lodgings for the evening, ensuring the now legendary "ODI Fridge of Beer" is suitably packed with our favourite beverages and soft drinks.</p><p>Venue</p><p>The ODI Node Leeds is situated at Munro House, on Duke Street. If you want to find out more about the ODI details can be found at http://theodi.org/nodes/leeds</p><p>Tickets</p><p>Tickets are free and are available over on <a href="http://leedsdevops-oct-16.eventbrite.co.uk">eventbrite </a>or <a href="https://www.meetup.com/LeedsDevops/events/234575509/">meetup.com</a></p><div style="width:100%; text-align:left;"><iframe src="//eventbrite.co.uk/tickets-external?eid=28318520457&amp;ref=etckt" frameborder="0" height="284" width="100%" marginheight="5" marginwidth="5" scrolling="auto"></iframe><div style="font-family:Helvetica, Arial; font-size:10px; padding:5px 0 5px; margin:2px; width:100%; text-align:left;"><a class="powered-by-eb" style="color: #dddddd; text-decoration: none;" target="_blank" href="http://www.eventbrite.co.uk/r/etckt">Powered by Eventbrite</a></div></div></p>