+++
date = "2016-05-04T18:50:41+00:00"
draft = false
categories = ["meetups"]
tags = ["nhs digital", "skybet", "spine"]
title = "Meetup - Tuesday 17th May 2016 at The ODI Node in Leeds"
description = "No sooner is one LeedsDevops at an end than another turns up, so all aboard for our next Devops meetup. Join us at The ODI Node in Leeds on Tuesday 17th May 2016 for an exciting evening of devops talks."
aliases = ["/post/143852528810/meetup-tuesday-17th-may-2016-at-the-odi-node-in"]
+++
<p><p>No sooner is one LeedsDevops at an end than another turns up, so all aboard for our next Devops meetup. Join us at The ODI Node in Leeds on Tuesday 17th May 2016 for an exciting evening of devops talks:</p><p>6:45 - 7:15 : Grab a beer, have a natter.<br>7:15 - 7:30 : Group updates/news/announcements<br>7:30 - 8:00 : Rob Tuley - Sky Betting and Gaming<br>8:00 - 8:15 : Intermission<br>8:15 - 9:00 : HSCIC Spine - Martin Sumner and Ramen Sen<br>9:00 - late : Decamp to the Wardrobe</p><!-- more --><p>We’ve had a late change to our schedule and are grateful that Rob Tuley has stepped in with a preview of his talk for the IPExpo event in Manchester. </p><p>Rob is currently Head of Gaming Engineering at Sky Betting and Gaming. He has spent the past 5 years working in various roles building, supporting and scaling shared services at SBG. He’ll be talking about shared technical services in a tribal world. The Spotify model of autonomous Tribes, Guilds and Chapters is a popular one which we’ve been using at Sky Betting and Gaming for over 2 years. This talk focuses on the challenges we’ve faced introducing and using technical services that are shared between Tribes: infrastructure provisioning and automation, “platform” services like log aggregation, monitoring and alerting.
</p><p>Our headline slot goes to the Health and Social Care Information Centre (HSCIC). No body puts entirely new critical national infrastructure live, with an entirely new team, on entirely new infrastructure and migrates over a million users and 21,000 organisations in a single weekend and they really don’t to it three times. In this discussion will tell the story of how a bunch of enthusiastic and dedicated techies changed the way that civil servants and the NHS viewed our ability to in-house critical national infrastructure – the Spine.  The Spine is the technological backbone of the NHS, it supports care and enables the smooth-running of the NHS, including hospitals, GP surgeries, Ambulance Trusts and pharmacies. Built in-house the new Spine is mainly supported by open source products including RIAK.  It is run by the HSCIC Digital Delivery Centre using DevOps teams that we have built over the last 3 years – Martin and Ramen will tell this story.</p><p>Martin Sumner - Having initially worked in the field of data networking, Martin has switched in the past ten years to focus on the operation and development of distributed systems. Martin most recently worked as the Technical Lead on the Spine II programme - replacing the central NHS IT messaging service for demographics, prescriptions and summary clinical information.</p><p>Ramen Sen - Ramen Sen has a Ph.D. in Electronic Engineering from the University of Sheffield, and has worked with a wide variety of clients from multi-national banks, large and small businesses, to schools across the UK. His passion is Open Source software, which he has been using with clients for over 20 years. After having worked on different parts of Spine Core, he now leads the operations and non-functional test team on Spine Core at HSCIC, keeping the lights on 24x7.</p><p>We are again grateful to have Infinity Works sponsor the refreshments and lodgings for the evening and ensuring the now legendary "ODI Fridge of Beer" is suitably crammed.</p><p><b>Venue</b></p><p>The ODI Node Leeds is situated at Munro house, on Duke Street. If you want to find out more about the ODI details can be found at http://theodi.org/nodes/leeds</p><p><b>Tickets</b></p><p>Tickets are free and are available over on eventbrite or meetup.com</p><p>http://leedsdevops-may-16.eventbrite.co.uk/<br>http://www.meetup.com/LeedsDevops/</p><div style="width:100%; text-align:left;"><iframe src="//eventbrite.co.uk/tickets-external?eid=25212317721&amp;ref=etckt" frameborder="0" height="214" width="100%" marginheight="5" marginwidth="5" scrolling="auto"></iframe><div style="font-family:Helvetica, Arial; font-size:10px; padding:5px 0 5px; margin:2px; width:100%; text-align:left;"><a class="powered-by-eb" style="color: #dddddd; text-decoration: none;" target="_blank" href="http://www.eventbrite.co.uk/r/etckt">Powered by Eventbrite</a></div></div></p>
