+++
date = "2016-02-15T19:54:55+00:00"
draft = false
categories = ["meetups"]
tags = ["devops", "leeds"]
title = "Meetup - Wednesday 2nd March 2016 at The ODI Node in Leeds"
description = "We've had our winter break and are all ready to get started with all things devops for 2016. Looks like it's going to be a very exciting year and we've got some great stuff lined up. But of course top of the list is our next meetup which takes place on Wednesday 2nd March 2016 at The ODI Node in Leeds."
aliases = ["/post/139373590005/meetup-wednesday-2nd-march-2016-at-the-odi-node"]
+++
<p><p>We've had our winter break and are all ready to get started with all things devops for 2016. Looks like it's going to be a very exciting year and we've got some great stuff lined up. But of course top of the list is our next meetup which takes place on Wednesday 2nd March 2016 at The ODI Node in Leeds.</p><ul><li>6:45 - 7:15 : Grab a beer, have a natter.<br></li><li>7:15 - 7:30 : Group updates/news/announcements<br></li><li>7:30 - 8:00 : Gwen Diagram<br></li><li>8:00 - 8:15 : Intermission<br></li><li>8:15 - 9:00 : Claire Agutter<br></li><li>9:00 - late : Decamp to the Wardrobe<br></li></ul><!-- more --><p>If you were at the TechnologyUG event back in October you'll have seen Gwen give a memorable talk and we couldn't wait to get her back in front of the Leeds Devops crowd.
</p><p>
Gwens' talk is entitled "Is Test Causing Your Live Problems?" - <i>Do you encounter fear pressing that deploy button? Are you worried that once you deploy to live you’ll be monitoring the servers, waiting for calls and tucking yourself into your sleeping bag at work for a late night? Sometimes deploying to live causes things to go bang and you’ll wonder, what the hell has happened? Have you asked yourself, how closely does your test environment actually match live? Gwen will be going through some common problems with test environments and how to keep them in a state so that you have more confidence to deploy code.  A release should be a reason to go to the pub and have a beer to celebrate a successful deployment instead of staying back and firefighting.</i>
</p><p>
Headlining will be Claire Agutter, she is the director of ITSM Zone, providers of high quality e-learning for IT professionals.  Claire uses her background in service management operations and consultancy to blend old and new best practice to give organizations the toolkit they need to deliver business value.  From ITIL to DevOps, OBASHI and Agile Service Management, Claire believes in sharing knowledge and experience between organizations, and hosts the popular ITSM Crowd hangouts that provide practical advice to professionals around the world.
</p><p>
Her talk is entitled "Two tribes – can DevOps and ITIL play nicely?" - <i>As DevOps gets more popular and delivers measurable results, traditional IT service management organisations are starting to look at it more closely.  Can DevOps and ITIL work together?  How does agile thinking affect traditional ITSM areas like change management, the help desk and IT support?  And does DevOps have anything to learn from ITIL?  In this presentation, Claire Agutter will discuss how enterprise organisations are using DevOps to complement and improve their existing IT service management capabilities and culture, and give attendees some takeaways to consider for their own IT organisation.</i>
</p><p>
Once again we are chuffed to have Infinity Works sponsor the refreshments and lodgings for the evening and ensuring the now legendary "ODI Fridge of Beer" is suitably packed.</p><p><b>Venue</b></p><p>The ODI Node Leeds is situated at Munro house, on Duke Street. If you want to find out more about the ODI details can be found at http://theodi.org/nodes/leeds</p><p><b>Tickets</b></p><p>Tickets are free and are available over on eventbrite or meetup.com</p><p><a href="http://leedsdevops-mar-16.eventbrite.co.uk/">http://leedsdevops-mar-16.eventbrite.co.uk/</a><br>http://www.meetup.com/LeedsDevops/</p><div style="width:100%; text-align:left;"><iframe src="//eventbrite.co.uk/tickets-external?eid=21640815261&amp;ref=etckt" frameborder="0" height="250" width="100%" marginheight="5" marginwidth="5" scrolling="auto"></iframe><div style="font-family:Helvetica, Arial; font-size:10px; padding:5px 0 5px; margin:2px; width:100%; text-align:left;"><a class="powered-by-eb" style="color: #dddddd; text-decoration: none;" target="_blank" href="http://www.eventbrite.co.uk/r/etckt">Powered by Eventbrite</a></div></div></p>