+++
date = "2016-06-06T19:43:50+00:00"
draft = false
categories = ["meetups"]
tags = ["devops", "leeds"]
title = "Meetup - Tuesday 21st June 2016 at The ODI Node in Leeds"
description = "As the summer sun starts to shine on Leeds, we have time for just one more meetup before our summer holidays. Join us at The ODI Node in Leeds on Tuesday 21st June 2016 for some top notch Devops chat."
aliases = ["/post/145520292285/meetup-tuesday-21st-june-2016-at-the-odi-node-in"]
+++
<p><p>As the summer sun starts to shine on Leeds, we have time for just one more meetup before our summer holidays. Join us at The ODI Node in Leeds on Tuesday 21st June 2016 for some top notch Devops chat:</p><p>6:45 - 7:15 : Grab a beer, have a natter.<br>7:15 - 7:30 : Group updates/news/announcements<br>7:30 - 8:00 : Have you heard of the 12 factors ? - Glen Mailer<br>8:00 - 8:15 : Intermission<br>8:15 - 9:00 : Embrace Failure - Gavin Stevenson<br>9:00 - late : Decamp to the Wardrobe</p><!-- more --><p>Opening the evening is a man that needs no introduction to those involved with meetups and the open source community. Glen Mailer is a renowned developer and speaker and will be asking "Have you heard of the 12 factors ?"</p><p><i>"These set of simple principles were originally written up by engineers at heroku in 2011, writing software that follows them is a great way to avoid lock-in by writing scalable independent services that are easy to apply devops-style thinking and processes to.</i></p><p><i>I think anyone involved in designing, writing or deploying software should at least be aware of them, and if you’re not following any of them: know why.</i></p><p><i>I’ll walk us all through what the principles are, and why they’re useful."</i></p><p>Our headliner is Gavin Stevenson. For the past year, Gavin worked in the William Hill Technology R&amp;D team, recently moving into the technical lead role for the Trading Technology department at William Hill. The talk covers the work carried out in his time in R&amp;D.</p><p><i>"How do you design a system that handles 7,000,000+ product price changes per day, 160TB of data flowing through your network, at peak 460 transactions per second, 3 billion transactions per year. We trade globally, taking and settling the millions of bets placed during the Grand National, World Cup, Euros, Cheltenham, Melbourne Cup, Superbowl, from the smallest local event to the biggest globally.</i></p><p><i>Gavin will look at the problems presented by an existing traditional database centric architecture, and examine some architectural patterns developed by the William Hill Technology R&amp;D team for a prototype sports betting system - a reactive microservice stream based architecture, deployed with docker where every container is treated as an ephemeral component in the system, where multiple systems compete to complete the same work load, and are spun up or down according to load, a system where data flows to where it is required. A system with fail fast built into it's core."</i></p><p>We are again grateful to have<a href="https://www.infinityworks.com/"> Infinity Works</a> sponsor the refreshments and lodgings for the evening and ensuring the now legendary "New and Improved ODI Fridge of Beer" is suitably packed with our favorite beverages.</p><p>Venue</p><p>The ODI Node Leeds is situated at Munro house, on Duke Street. If you want to find out more about the ODI details can be found at http://theodi.org/nodes/leeds</p><p>Tickets</p><p>Tickets are free and are available over on eventbrite or meetup.com</p><p>http://leedsdevops-june-16.eventbrite.co.uk/<br>http://www.meetup.com/LeedsDevops/</p><p></p><div style="width:100%; text-align:left;"><iframe src="//eventbrite.co.uk/tickets-external?eid=25912012527&amp;ref=etckt" frameborder="0" height="214" width="100%" marginheight="5" marginwidth="5" scrolling="auto"></iframe><div style="font-family:Helvetica, Arial; font-size:10px; padding:5px 0 5px; margin:2px; width:100%; text-align:left;"><a class="powered-by-eb" style="color: #dddddd; text-decoration: none;" target="_blank" href="http://www.eventbrite.co.uk/r/etckt">Powered by Eventbrite</a></div></div></p>