+++
date = "2016-10-31T20:36:46+00:00"
draft = false
categories = ["meetups"]
tags = ["microsoft", "pitchero","containers","docker"]
title = "Meetup - Tuesday 15th November 2016 at The ODI Node in Leeds"
description = "It's the final devops get together of 2016 at the ODI Node in Leeds on Tuesday 15th November. Once again we've pulled together a wonderful programme of talks for you."
aliases = ["/post/152568213470/meetup-tuesday-15th-november-2016-at-the-odi"]
+++
<p><p>It's the final devops get together of 2016 at the ODI Node in Leeds on Tuesday 15th November. Once again we've pulled together a wonderful programme of talks for you:</p><ul><li>6:45 - 7:15 : Doors open, have a chat, make some new devops friends<br></li><li>7:15 - 7:30 : Group updates/news/announcements<br></li><li>7:30 - 8:00 : Increasing agility through DevOps - Jon Milsom of Pitchero<br></li><li>8:00 - 8:15 : Intermission<br></li><li>8:15 - 9:00 : Containers with Microsoft and Docker - Marcus Robinson of Microsoft<br></li><li>9:00 - late : Decamp to the Wardrobe<br></li></ul><!-- more --><p>We're very pleased to have regular attendee Jon Milsom turn speaker. Jon is co-founder &amp; CTO of Pitchero heading up the technology team, but currently working across the whole business to make sure they have appropriate processes in place as they grow. Jon will explain how Pitchero have used DevOps practices over the last few years to improve both technical and business agility, covering both the people challenges as well as engineering detail.</p><p>We are also joined by Marcus Robinson of Microsoft, Containers are becoming one of the most talked about emerging technologies. Windows Server 2016 includes support for Windows containers and both Windows and Linux containers can be run on Microsoft Azure. During this session we will discuss what containers are, why we might use them, where can we deploy them and how we can manage them. Demos will include - Docker for Windows, Creating and running Windows Server container images using Docker and PowerShell and Docker Datacenter and Visual Studio Team Services.</p><p>We are again grateful to have <a href="https://www.infinityworks.com/">Infinity Works</a> sponsor the refreshments and lodgings for the evening, ensuring there are plenty of our favourite beverages and soft drinks in supply..</p><p>Venue</p><p>The ODI Node Leeds is situated at Munro House, on Duke Street. If you want to find out more about the ODI details can be found at http://theodi.org/nodes/leeds</p><p>Tickets</p><p>Tickets are free and are available over on <a href="http://leedsdevops-nov-16.eventbrite.co.uk">eventbrite </a>or <a href="https://www.meetup.com/LeedsDevops/events/235250526/">meetup.com</a></p><div style="width:100%; text-align:left;"><iframe src="//eventbrite.co.uk/tickets-external?eid=29031138918&amp;ref=etckt" frameborder="0" height="284" width="100%" marginheight="5" marginwidth="5" scrolling="auto"></iframe><div style="font-family:Helvetica, Arial; font-size:10px; padding:5px 0 5px; margin:2px; width:100%; text-align:left;"><a class="powered-by-eb" style="color: #dddddd; text-decoration: none;" target="_blank" href="http://www.eventbrite.co.uk/r/etckt">Powered by Eventbrite</a></div></div></p>
