+++
date = "2016-09-05T11:40:51+00:00"
draft = false
categories = ["meetups"]
tags = ["devops", "leeds", "cloud computing", "paas"]
title = "Meetup - Wednesday 21st September 2016 at The ODI Node in Leeds"
description = "As the memories of summer sunshine begin to fade and there is an autumnal feel to the weather, it's must be time for another Devops meetup. Indeed it is, join us at The ODI Node in Leeds on Wednesday 21st September 2016 for a serving of Devops delicacies."
aliases = ["/post/149976212560/meetup-wednesday-21st-september-2016-at-the-odi"]
+++
<p><p>As the memories of summer sunshine begin to fade and there is an autumnal feel to the weather, it's must be time for another Devops meetup. Indeed it is, join us at The ODI Node in Leeds on Wednesday 21st September 2016 for a serving of Devops delicacies:</p><ul><li>6:45 - 7:15 : Doors open, have a chat, make some new devops friends</li><li>7:15 - 7:30 : Group updates/news/announcements</li><li>7:30 - 8:00 : DevOps meet SecOps - Tim Nash<br></li><li>8:00 - 8:15 : Intermission<br></li><li>8:15 - 9:00 : Multi-cloud adventures - Greg Murphy<br></li><li>9:00 - late : Decamp to the Wardrobe<br></li></ul><!-- more --><p>Our first speaker of the evening is Tim Nash, Tim is the WordPress Platform Lead &amp; Developer Advocate for 34SP.com, he describes that role as a cross between a DevOp &amp; Project Manager working on their Managed WordPress Platform. We all know that security is everybody's problem, Tim will be talking about how you apply devops principles to introduce and automate security concepts into testing, deployment and monitoring. </p><p>For the main talk of the evening we're excited to have Greg Murphy from GameSparks, he'll be sharing how the Gamespark Backend-as-a-Service platform for game developers provides a rich set of server-side functionality and game management. The platform serves 30M active players each month deployed across multiple clouds – AWS, Microsoft Azure and Google Cloud. Greg will talk about the reasons for being multi-cloud and share some of their experiences of deploying and running services on the "Big 3" cloud providers – both good and bad! He's even promised to share some load-test results, which will shed some light on whether the public clouds are really equal.</p><p>We are again grateful to have <a href="https://www.infinityworks.com/">Infinity Works</a> sponsor the refreshments and lodgings for the evening, ensuring the now legendary "ODI Fridge of Beer" is suitably packed with our favourite beverages, we'll also have an additional supply of alcohol free drinks for those joining in with the September Dryathlon for Cancer Research.</p><p><b>Venue</b></p><p>The ODI Node Leeds is situated at Munro House, on Duke Street. If you want to find out more about the ODI details can be found at http://theodi.org/nodes/leeds</p><p><b>Tickets</b></p><p>Tickets are free and are available over on <a href="https://leedsdevops-sept-16.eventbrite.co.uk">eventbrite</a> or <a href="http://www.meetup.com/LeedsDevops/events/233885037/">meetup.com</a></p><div style="width:100%; text-align:left;"><iframe src="//eventbrite.co.uk/tickets-external?eid=27515105421&amp;ref=etckt" frameborder="0" height="214" width="100%" marginheight="5" marginwidth="5" scrolling="auto"></iframe><div style="font-family:Helvetica, Arial; font-size:10px; padding:5px 0 5px; margin:2px; width:100%; text-align:left;"><a class="powered-by-eb" style="color: #dddddd; text-decoration: none;" target="_blank" href="http://www.eventbrite.co.uk/r/etckt">Powered by Eventbrite</a></div></div></p>