+++
date = "2017-03-14T21:25:48+00:00"
draft = false
categories = ["meetups"]
tags = ["leeds", "devops"]
title = "Meetup - Tuesday 21st March 2017 at The ODI Node in Leeds"
description = "It's time for another evening of Devops discussion at the ODI Node in Leeds on Tuesday 21st March. We'll be talking about how to get people to use your service and a terrific case study about a highly resilient multi-data centre system."
aliases = ["/post/158408005050/meetup-tuesday-21st-march-2017-at-the-odi-node"]
+++
<p><p>It's time for another evening of Devops discussion at the ODI Node in Leeds on Tuesday 21st March. We'll be talking about how to get people to use your service and a terrific case study about a highly resilient multi-data centre system</p><ul><li>6:45 - 7:15 : Doors open, have a chat, make some new devops friends<br></li><li>7:15 - 7:20 : Group updates/news/announcements<br></li><li>7:20 - 8:05 : Service Marketing - Dr Neil Richardson<br></li><li>8:05 - 8:20 : Intermission<br></li><li>8:20 - 9:00 : Challenging Perceptions of NHS IT - Ed Hiley &amp; Dan Rathbone<br></li><li>9:00 - late : Decamp to the Wardrobe<br></li></ul><!-- more --><p>Dr Neil Richardson is a Senior Lecturer at Leeds Business School, he will be talking to us about Service Marketing. Wether you run a set of tools/platforms or you use ones provided by an internal team or a 3rd Party - it's important that there is a good vendor and customer relationship for the service to be successful. Neil will be sharing his experiences of what makes a service apealing to a customer and how you can build and maintain the relationship.</p><p>Our second talk of the evening is presented by Ed Hiley who is a Principal Systems Engineer with NHS Digital, and Dan Rathbone who is Technical Director at Infinity Works. They will be sharing a case study about a  highly resilient multi-data centre processing system utilising cloud techniques with bare metal servers. They'll cover how they built automated performance tests, an immutable infrastructure and a NoSQL data store with support for versioning data.</p><p>We are again grateful to have <a href="https://www.infinityworks.com/">Infinity Works</a> sponsor the refreshments and lodgings for the evening, ensuring there are plenty of our favourite beverages and soft drinks in supply.</p><p>Venue</p><p>The ODI Node Leeds is situated at Munro House, on Duke Street. If you want to find out more about the ODI details can be found at http://theodi.org/nodes/leeds</p><p>Tickets</p><p>Tickets are free and are available over on <a href="https://leedsdevops-mar-17.eventbrite.co.uk">eventbrite</a> or <a href="https://www.meetup.com/LeedsDevops/events/238420614/">meetup.com</a></p>
<p></p><div style="width:100%; text-align:left;"><iframe src="//eventbrite.co.uk/tickets-external?eid=32867866674&amp;ref=etckt" frameborder="0" height="284" width="100%" marginheight="5" marginwidth="5" scrolling="auto"></iframe><div style="font-family:Helvetica, Arial; font-size:10px; padding:5px 0 5px; margin:2px; width:100%; text-align:left;"><a class="powered-by-eb" style="color: #dddddd; text-decoration: none;" target="_blank" href="http://www.eventbrite.co.uk/r/etckt">Powered by Eventbrite</a></div></div></p>