+++
date = "2017-09-09T10:01:54+00:00"
draft = false
categories = ["meetups"]
tags = ["leeds", "devops", "kubernetes", "nanoservices"]
title = "Meetup - Tuesday 26th September 2017 at The ODI Node in Leeds"
description = "After our summer break we return on Tuesday 26th September to the ODI Node in Leeds for an evening of devops talks and chatter."
aliases = ["/post/165145694230/meetup-tuesday-26th-september-2017-at-the-odi"]
+++
<p><p>After our summer break we return on Tuesday 26th September to the ODI Node in Leeds for an evening of devops talks and chatter:</p><ul><li>6:45 - 7:15 : Doors open, have a chat, make some new devops friends<br></li><li>7:15 - 7:20 : Group updates/news/announcements<br></li><li>7:20 - 8:05 : Introduction to Kubernetes Pod and Service Networking - Bryan Boreham<br></li><li>8:05 - 8:20 : Intermission<br></li><li>8:20 - 9:00 : Watch out! The nanoservices are coming - Matthew Clark<br></li><li>9:00 - late : Decamp to the Wardrobe<br></li></ul><!-- more --><p>Our first speaker is Bryan Boreham the Director of Engineering at Weaveworks, an Open Source technology company whose mission is to make developers successful with Docker. Tonight he's sharing an "Introduction to Kubernetes Pod and Service Networking" - Kubernetes has two simple but powerful network concepts: every Pod is connected to the same network, and Services let you talk to a Pod by name. Bryan will take you through how these concepts are implemented - Pod Networks via the Container Network Interface (CNI), Service Discovery via kube-dns and Service virtual IPs, then on to how Services are exposed to the rest of the world. </p><p>Closing the evening is Matthew Clark who leads the architecture for many of the BBC’s websites and apps. He’s overseen the design and operation of some of the BBC’s biggest online events, including the Olympic Games and UK elections. He lives in Manchester, England. His talk is entitled "Watch out! The nanoservices are coming" - Welcome to the world of nanoservices: smaller than a microservice, bigger than a function, they are the perfect unit of software. Nanoservices are flexible, manageable and scalable, and a great way to do serverless computing. This is the story of how to get nanoservices right, from the BBC, who now have over a thousand in production.</p><p>Once again <a href="https://www.infinityworks.com/">Infinity Works</a> have agreed to sponsor the refreshments and lodgings for the evening, ensuring there is a plentiful supply of our favourite beverages and soft drinks.</p><p><b>Venue</b></p><p>The ODI Node Leeds is situated at Munro House, on Duke Street. If you want to find out more about the ODI details can be found at http://theodi.org/nodes/leeds</p><p><b>Code Of Conduct</b></p><p>Please note that we have now added an <a href="https://tmblr.co/ZdJfSq2PpSK99">anti harassment policy and code of conduct</a> in order to support the inclusive nature of the meetup.</p><p><b>Tickets</b></p><p>Tickets are free and are available over on <a href="https://leedsdevops-sept-17.eventbrite.co.uk">eventbrite</a> or <a href="https://www.meetup.com/LeedsDevops/events/243226712/">meetup.com</a></p>
<p></p>
<div style="width:100%; text-align:left;"><iframe src="//eventbrite.co.uk/tickets-external?eid=37624617243&amp;ref=etckt" frameborder="0" height="304" width="100%" marginheight="5" marginwidth="5" scrolling="auto"></iframe><div style="font-family:Helvetica, Arial; font-size:10px; padding:5px 0 5px; margin:2px; width:100%; text-align:left;"><a class="powered-by-eb" style="color: #dddddd; text-decoration: none;" target="_blank" href="http://www.eventbrite.co.uk/r/etckt">Powered by Eventbrite</a></div></div></p>