+++
date = "2017-01-09T19:38:36+00:00"
draft = false
categories = ["meetups"]
tags = ["databses", "chef"]
title = "Meetup - Tuesday 31st January 2017 at The ODI Node in Leeds"
description = "Happy new year! it's time for the first devops get together of 2017 at the ODI Node in Leeds on Tuesday 31st January. We have a fantastic array of talks for you."
aliases = ["/post/155635851450/meetup-tuesday-31st-january-2017-at-the-odi-node"]
+++
<p><p>Happy new year! it's time for the first devops get together of 2017 at the ODI Node in Leeds on Tuesday 31st January. We have a fantastic array of talks for you:</p><ul><li>6:45 - 7:15 : Doors open, have a chat, make some new devops friends<br></li><li>7:15 - 7:30 : Group updates/news/announcements<br></li><li>7:30 - 8:05 :Lessons Learned From Continuous Delivery - Mandi Walls of Chef<br></li><li>8:05 - 8:20 : Intermission<br></li><li>8:20 - 9:00 : Database DevOps Anti-patterns - Alex Yates of DLM consultants<br></li><li>9:00 - late : Decamp to the Wardrobe<br></li></ul><!-- more --><p>Oh my word, we are excited to be joined by devops royalty, Mandi Walls is Technical Community Manager at Chef and travels the world helping organizations increase their effectiveness using configuration management and modernizing IT practices. She is a long-time sysadmin focusing on large complex web systems. Her talk is entitled "Lessons Learned From Continuous Delivery" - Infrastructure as Code and DevOps practices are necessary pre-requisites for safely adopting Continuous Delivery. With software becoming more and more crucial to business success in various parts of the market, speed of delivery becomes the game changer. This talk will explore some of the practices your team will need to adopt to safely move fast, continuously delivering value to your customers.</p><p>We are also joined by Alex Yates who describes himself as helping data professionals to apply DevOps principles to relational database development and deployment since 2010. He'll be talking about devops from a database perspective, giving a cheerful review of 15 popular strategies to screw up your ability to deliver frequent, reliable SQL updates. The result: painful deployments and expensive legacy databases that no-one likes to maintain.</p><p>We are again grateful to have <a href="https://www.infinityworks.com/">Infinity Works</a> sponsor the refreshments and lodgings for the evening, ensuring there are plenty of our favourite beverages and soft drinks in supply..</p><p>Venue</p><p>The ODI Node Leeds is situated at Munro House, on Duke Street. If you want to find out more about the ODI details can be found at http://theodi.org/nodes/leeds</p><p>Tickets</p><p>Tickets are free and are available over on <a href="http://leedsdevops-jan-17.eventbrite.co.uk">eventbrite </a>or <a href="https://www.meetup.com/LeedsDevops/events/236799860/">meetup.com</a></p><div style="width:100%; text-align:left;"><iframe src="//eventbrite.co.uk/tickets-external?eid=31036319467&amp;ref=etckt" frameborder="0" height="284" width="100%" marginheight="5" marginwidth="5" scrolling="auto"></iframe><div style="font-family:Helvetica, Arial; font-size:10px; padding:5px 0 5px; margin:2px; width:100%; text-align:left;"><a class="powered-by-eb" style="color: #dddddd; text-decoration: none;" target="_blank" href="http://www.eventbrite.co.uk/r/etckt">Powered by Eventbrite</a></div></div></p>
