+++
date = "2017-09-09T09:54:07+00:00"
draft = false
categories = ["code of conduct"]
tags = ["code of conduct"]
title = "Code of Conduct"
description = "All attendees, speakers, sponsors and volunteers at any LeedsDevops meetup are required to agree with the following code of conduct."
aliases = ["/post/165145559625/code-of-conduct"]
+++
<p>All attendees, speakers, sponsors and volunteers at any LeedsDevops meetup are required to agree with the following code of conduct. Organisers will enforce this code throughout any events and online communications related to LeedsDevops.<br></p><!-- more --><p><b>ANTI HARASSMENT&nbsp;POLICY<br></b>LeedsDevops is dedicated to providing a harassment-free meetup experience for everyone, regardless of gender, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, age or religion. We do not tolerate harassment of meetup participants in any form. Sexual language and imagery is not appropriate, including talks. Meetup participants violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled from the meetup and future meetups.</p><p>Harassment includes offensive verbal comments related to gender, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, age, religion, sexual images in public spaces, deliberate intimidation, stalking, following, harassing photography or recording, sustained disruption of talks or other events, inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual attention. Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply immediately.</p><p>Sponsors are also subject to the anti-harassment policy. In particular, sponsors should not use sexualised images, activities, or other material. Organisers and helpers (including volunteers) should not use sexualised clothing/uniforms/costumes, or otherwise create a sexualised environment.</p><p>If a participant engages in harassing behavior, the meetup organisers may take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the offender or expulsion from the meetup and future meetups.</p><p>If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, please contact the organiser immediately.</p><p>We expect participants to follow these rules at all meetups, all LeedsDevops related social events and on all online communication platforms related to LeedsDevops.</p><p><b>CODE OF CONDUCT<br></b>I. I am an attendee at LeedsDevops, learning from and sharing with other LeedsDevops attendees in an effort to better myself and my industry. I co-create the experience with fellow attendees. I am prepared to give my energy, presence and sensitivity to creating the best possible experience for myself and others.</p><p>II. I am coming to LeedsDevops to interact with people. I understand that imagery and language which is suggestive or derogatory will offend and make people uncomfortable. I also understand that people may have boundaries and sensibilities different from my own. I will accept without question when informed that something is offensive or unacceptable in the context of the LeedsDevops meetup.</p><p>III. I will never intentionally harass or offend another attendee relating to but not exclusively: gender, sexual orientation, disability, appearance, size, race, age or religion and will not abide another attendee being harassed or offended. If I am aware that anyone is uncomfortable or unsafe, I will notify those giving offense and the LeedsDevops meetup organisers.</p><p>IV. If I am offended or harassed, I will inform people around me who make me feel safe and the meetup organisers. If I feel safe, at my discretion, I will inform those giving offense of the specific actions with the hope that the other party is well intentioned and ignorant, but I am under no obligation to do so.</p><p>V. I understand that people are different and I attempt to be forgiving of others actions at the level of their sincere intent, but my priority is protecting my safety and the safety of others. I will act without hesitation or reservation until there are no question of the safety of all parties.</p><p>VI. I trust the LeedsDevops organisers and attendees will endvevour to co-create the best possible experience for everyone involved, as I will. I believe LeedsDevops is about empowering people and I will not forget I am empowered to create a safe and nurturing environment. If I or any other attendee violates this aspect of the meetup, I expect the meetup organisers to protect the attendees by direct action, including expelling those in violation.</p><p><b>Contacting the Organisers</b></p><p>Should you need to contact the organisers regarding questions or issues with respect to the Code of Conduct, you can do this in person at the event or email coc@leedsdevops.org.uk or via our twitter account @LeedsDevops.<br></p>