+++
date = "2017-05-09T18:35:36+00:00"
draft = false
categories = ["meetups"]
tags = ["leeds", "devops"]
title = "Meetup - Tuesday 23rd May 2017 at The ODI Node in Leeds"
description = "We welcome two of our favorite speakers back to LeedsDevops on Tuesday 23rd May at the ODI Node in Leeds. Join us for an evening of top notch talks and devops chit chat."
aliases = ["/post/160486061580/meetup-tuesday-23rd-may-2017-at-the-odi-node-in"]
+++
<p><p>We welcome two of our favorite speakers back to LeedsDevops on Tuesday 23rd May at the ODI Node in Leeds. Join us for an evening of top notch talks and devops chit chat:</p><ul><li>6:45 - 7:15 : Doors open, have a chat, make some new devops friends<br></li><li>7:15 - 7:20 : Group updates/news/announcements<br></li><li>7:20 - 8:05 : Standardising Microservices - Simon Davy<br></li><li>8:05 - 8:20 : Intermission<br></li><li>8:20 - 9:00 : Design your Teams for Modern Software Systems - Matthew Skelton<br></li><li>9:00 - late : Decamp to the Wardrobe<br></li></ul><!-- more --><p>Our first speaker is Simon Davy who is a Developer at Canonical. Canonical have been on the familiar-sounding journey of evolving their fewer larger services into many smaller microservices.  A key goal in that work has been the standardisation of how their microservices are run, to combat the additional operational complexities of microservices. They wanted powerful and standardised ways to provide logging, metrics, error reporting, request tracing, tooling, versioning, security, debugging and configuration. In both development and in production. Simon will present their journey so far with this idea, covering their design goals and assumptions, and introducing Talisker, a new tool which runs their services and attempts to provide all of the above, to some degree or other.</p><p>We are delighted that Matthew Skelton of Skelton Thatcher Consulting has found time to squeeze a preview of his upcoming talk for Devops Enterprise Summit into his busy schedule. Matthew explains that for effective, modern, cloud-connected software systems we need to organise our teams in certain ways. Taking account of Conway’s Law, we look to match the team structures to the required software architecture, enabling or restricting communication and collaboration for the best outcomes. This talk will cover the basics of organisation design, exploring a selection of key team topologies and how and when to use them in order to make the development and operation of your software systems as effective as possible. The talk is based on experience helping companies around the world with the design of their teams.</p><p>We are again honored to have<a href="https://www.infinityworks.com/"> Infinity Works</a> sponsor the refreshments and lodgings for the evening, ensuring there are plenty of our favorite  beverages and soft drinks in supply.</p><p><b>Venue</b></p><p>The ODI Node Leeds is situated at Munro House, on Duke Street. If you want to find out more about the ODI details can be found at http://theodi.org/nodes/leeds</p><p><b>Tickets</b></p><p>Tickets are free and are available over on <a href="https://leedsdevops-may-17.eventbrite.co.uk">eventbrite</a> or <a href="https://www.meetup.com/LeedsDevops/events/239855138/">meetup.com</a></p>
<p></p><div style="width:100%; text-align:left;"><iframe src="//eventbrite.co.uk/tickets-external?eid=34478086886&amp;ref=etckt" frameborder="0" height="284" width="100%" marginheight="5" marginwidth="5" scrolling="auto"></iframe><div style="font-family:Helvetica, Arial; font-size:10px; padding:5px 0 5px; margin:2px; width:100%; text-align:left;"><a class="powered-by-eb" style="color: #dddddd; text-decoration: none;" target="_blank" href="http://www.eventbrite.co.uk/r/etckt">Powered by Eventbrite</a></div></div></p>
