+++
date = "2017-06-18T19:13:14+00:00"
draft = false
categories = ["meetups"]
tags = ["leeds", "devops", "logging", "monitoring"]
title = "Meetup - Tuesday 27th June 2017 at The ODI Node in Leeds"
description = "It's time for the final Devops meetup before our summer break, we'll meet on Tuesday 27th June at the ODI Node in Leeds. This time we are going to have 3 great talks!"
aliases = ["/post/161975114065/meetup-tuesday-27th-june-2017-at-the-odi-node-in"]
+++
<p><p>It's time for the final Devops meetup before our summer break, we'll meet on Tuesday 27th June at the ODI Node in Leeds. This time we are going to have 3 great talks:</p><ul><li>6:45 - 7:15 : Doors open, have a chat, make some new devops friends<br></li><li>7:15 - 7:20 : Group updates/news/announcements<br></li><li>7:20 - 7:45 : What is Devops ? - Andy Burgin<br></li><li>7:45 - 8:05 : Determining Your Application's Heartbeat Through Monitoring and Logging - Gwen Diagram<br></li><li>8:05 - 8:20 : Intermission<br></li><li>8:20 - 9:00 : Anaplans Devops Journey - Jon Sandles and Jason Simpson<br></li><li>9:00 - late : Decamp to the Wardrobe<br></li></ul><!-- more --><p>Our first speaker is the benevolent dictator and organiser of Leeds Devops Andy Burgin. Andy has spent the last year visiting and talking at Devops events around the UK, he's met some of the thought leaders in the devops field and also many people still trying to get started. Although devops is 8 years old much of it's core values, principles, techniques and history are over shadowed by talk of tools, job titles and emerging technologies. So this talk will go back to basics and explore the roots of devops and try and answer the unanswerable question "What is Devops?" - you may be surprised to find it has more to do with the 1970s classic Austin Allegro car than the latest container tech.</p><p>Our second talk is from Gwen Diagram who is a Senior Automation Tester at Sky and co-organiser of the Leeds Testing Atelier. Her talk discusses how monitoring and logging can provide vital information for all members of the Software Development team, be they functional or cross functional. We'll look at different layers of monitoring and different levels of logging, providing information on how to create logging and monitoring to build a system where the state is known.</p><p>Our headline talk is from Jon Sandles Director of Engineering and Jason Simpson Engineering Manager at Anaplan. Jon will talk about how devops is evolving at Anaplan, some of things they have learnt and hopefully share some things that should be avoided when going on a Devops journey. Then Jason will talk about what it means to be a truly autonomous development team, where Anaplan are now and where they want to be.</p><p>Again our friends from <a href="https://www.infinityworks.com/">Infinity Works</a> are sponsoring the refreshments and lodgings for the evening, ensuring there are plenty of our favorite  beverages and soft drinks in supply.</p><p><b>Venue</b></p><p>The ODI Node Leeds is situated at Munro House, on Duke Street. If you want to find out more about the ODI details can be found <a href="http://theodi.org/nodes/leeds">here</a><a></a></p><p><b>Tickets</b></p><p>Tickets are free and are available over on <a href="https://leedsdevops-june-17.eventbrite.co.uk">eventbrite</a> or <a href="https://www.meetup.com/LeedsDevops/events/240892814/">meetup.com</a></p>
<p></p><div style="width:100%; text-align:left;"><iframe src="//eventbrite.co.uk/tickets-external?eid=35494987463&amp;ref=etckt" frameborder="0" height="284" width="100%" marginheight="5" marginwidth="5" scrolling="auto"></iframe><div style="font-family:Helvetica, Arial; font-size:10px; padding:5px 0 5px; margin:2px; width:100%; text-align:left;"><a class="powered-by-eb" style="color: #dddddd; text-decoration: none;" target="_blank" href="http://www.eventbrite.co.uk/r/etckt">Powered by Eventbrite</a></div></div></p>