+++
date = "2018-05-01T19:59:46+00:00"
draft = false
categories = ["meetups"]
tags = ["google", "cloud", "devops"]
title = "Meetup - Tuesday 15th May 2018 at The ODI Node in Leeds"
description = "In the words of Thomas Dekker, it's the Merry Month of May, which means it's time for another devops meetup at the ODI Node in Leeds on Tuesday 15th May. We bring you a terrific lineup."
aliases = ["/post/173490598315/meetup-tuesday-15th-may-2018-at-the-odi-node-in"]
+++
<p><p>In the words of Thomas Dekker, it's the Merry Month of May, which means it's time for another devops meetup at the ODI Node in Leeds on Tuesday 15th May. We bring you a terrific lineup :</p><p>6:45 - 7:15 : Doors open, have a chat, make some new devops friends<br>7:15 - 7:25 : Group updates/news/announcements<br>7:25 - 8:05 : Introduction to Google Cloud Platform<br>8:05 - 8:20 : Intermission<br>8:20 - 9:00 : You had one job - Failures in a complex distributed system<br>9:00 - late : Decamp to the Wardrobe</p><!-- more --><p>Our first speaker is Richard Rose who is a lead platform engineer with over 20 years of experience working on complex infrastructure and software architecture. As a founder of the Leeds Google Developer Group, he is very interested in all form of technology, especially Cloud and Android. In his spare time, he loves to read and experiment with different technologies. You can find him on Twitter as @coder_rosey as he is more generally loving the holy trinity of beer, films and coding.</p><p>Richard’s talk is an introduction to Google Cloud Platform and discusses the highs and lows of working in a Google-centric universe versus the more well-publicised market competitors. Depending on your perspective (developer or operations) you may be surprised by the approach taken by Google and also at the range of packages on offer within this environment. The talk will cover the primary components of using the platform and offer some advice on getting started, general architecture patterns and where to go when it all goes wrong ;-)</p><p>Speaking of stuff which breaks. It’s one of the basic fundamentals of IT, but there are some things you expect to just work. But what happens when these things decide to let you down, especially when part of a large distributed system?</p><p>Our second talk is from Ed Hiley and Dan Rathbone who offer an overview of the technical renaissance going on in parts of the NHS, where things are being done in a modern way. Ed and Dan explore a recently launched data processing system that utilizes Apache Spark, Riak, and Python and discuss the events they encountered along the way where things they took for granted just stopped doing the things they expected. Ed and Dan dive into some of these events to debunk the assumptions they made and explain how they troubleshot and fixed the issues.</p><p>Edward Hiley is a principal systems engineer with NHS Digital, where he has worked on national services such as SUS+, a ground-up full replacement of the current Secondary Uses Service (SUS), which involves myriad challenges, including immutable infrastructure, disputed compute clusters, and multi-data-center deployments. Previously, Edward was a solution architect for the Health and Social Care Information Centre and an associate director for the National Institute for Health and Clinical excellence.</p><p>Dan Rathbone is cofounder and technical director of Infinity Works, a 200-strong consultancy and software house based out of Leeds and London, where he builds and operates high-scale and high-performance systems for Infinity Works’ clients. Most recently, Dan has been working with NHS Digital to drive the modernization of critical national services, reengineering them using FOSS, end-to-end DevOps teams, and Agile and Lean delivery techniques. Over his career, Dan has held a number of varied roles focusing on areas from infrastructure to frontend development and most things in between.</p><p>Once again we say a massive "Thank You" to <a href="https://www.infinityworks.com/">Infinity Works</a> for sponsoring the refreshments and lodgings for the evening, ensuring there are plenty of our favourite refreshments and soft drinks in supply.</p><p><b>Venue</b></p><p>The ODI Node Leeds is situated at Munro House, on Duke Street. If you want to find out more about the ODI details can be found at <a href="http://theodi.org/nodes/leeds">http://theodi.org/nodes/leeds</a></p><p><b>Code Of Conduct</b></p><p>Please note that we have now added an <a href="http://www.leedsdevops.org.uk/post/165145559625/code-of-conduct">anti harassment policy and code of conduct</a> in order to support the inclusive nature of the meetup. All attendees, speakers, sponsors and volunteers at any LeedsDevops event are required to agree with the <a href="http://www.leedsdevops.org.uk/post/165145559625/code-of-conduct">code of conduct</a>.</p><p><b>Tickets</b></p><p>Tickets are free and are available over on <a href="https://leedsdevops-may-2018.eventbrite.co.uk">eventbrite </a>or <a href="https://www.meetup.com/LeedsDevops/events/250348433/">meetup.com</a><br></p><p></p><div style="width:100%; text-align:left;"><iframe src="//eventbrite.co.uk/tickets-external?eid=45698817393&amp;ref=etckt" frameborder="0" height="284" width="100%" marginheight="5" marginwidth="5" scrolling="auto"></iframe><div style="font-family:Helvetica, Arial; font-size:10px; padding:5px 0 5px; margin:2px; width:100%; text-align:left;"><a class="powered-by-eb" style="color: #ADB0B6; text-decoration: none;" target="_blank" href="http://www.eventbrite.co.uk/r/etckt">Powered by Eventbrite</a></div></div></p>